{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","value":"# China Tea Company\n\n\nProject One: User-Centric Frontend Development - Code Institute\n\nMy idea here was to create a website where people who were interested in Chinese tea could be easily informed about the availability of both teas as well as tea-ware. I wanted it to be a simple \"shop front\" with clear concise information with an easy way to progress to a purchase  \n## UX\n\n\n\n### What is this website for?\n\nIt is a place to order Chinese tea and/or tea-ware online\n\n\n### What does it do?\n\nIt provides a simple website where people who are interested in Chinese teas and tea-ware\ncan see what is available and buy from the online vendor. My goal in the design was to make it as easy as possible to access information on the site while maintaining a minimalist desig\nI also wanted to keep the layout as traditional as possible to as to allow the user to feel at easy while navigating the site. A mobile first approach which allows for a faster loading time on a mobile device and a design that is expandable.\n\n### User Stories:\n\nAs a traditional tea drinker I want to be made aware of teas from an origin which is different from the one I usually source my tea/tea-ware from. I want to be made aware of what is available and be able to move to a purchase with one click\n\n\n\n\nFor wireframes used please see chinateacompany.pdf or chinateacompany.png\n\n## Technologies\n\n1. HTML\n2. CSS\n3. Bootstrap (3.3.7)\n\n\n### What are the features?\n\n1. A mobile first approach which allows for a faster loading time on a mobile device and a design that is expandable.\n2. Drop down menu \n3. A main introductory landing page with navigation functions and basic company information.\n4. Images portraying the offerings of the company with a short description bolow of what they are. \n5. Buttons for choosing each item\n6. A jumbotron signing up for a newsletter\n7. Instagram button with images from the instagram account of the company\n8. The address for the company with a background image of the area\n9. Facebook, youtube and twitter links in the footer.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n### media links:\n\nImages:\n\ncamden-market-2377052.jpg: https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2017/06/06/11/56/camden-market-2377052_960_720.jpg\n\nfooter.jpg : https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2017/05/15/18/01/background-2315615_960_720.jpg\n\ntea-ware.jpg: https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2017/08/17/15/30/chinese-tea-2651717_960_720.jpg\n\ngift-box.jpg: https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2018/02/21/11/00/tea-box-3170045_960_720.jpg\n\ncup-tea.jpg: https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2017/05/15/06/28/tea-2313835_960_720.jpg\n\ncup-leafs.jpg: https://i0.wp.com/danjoteas.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/Yellow-Tea.jpg?zoom=2.625&resize=300%2C300&ssl=1  \n\nloose-tea: https://www.maelsoucaze.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/518865acf2326977bebb917f5cbadfc3.jpg\n\nmain-background.jpg: https://www.tryfoto.com/public/uploads/preview/green-tea-311533371002kdfwh8ammc.jpg\n\nsamples.jpg: https://postroniepiekna.pl/uploads/images/Gallery/opazenia_herbata.jpg\ntea-bags: https://www.sustainability-times.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/tee_tea_bags_teas_drink_herbal_tea_fruit_tea_tea_box_box-815312-300x199.jpg\n\n__Note:__  All images were used for educational purposes only.\n\n","undoManager":{"mark":33,"position":100,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":23,"column":156},"end":{"row":23,"column":157},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1079}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":157},"end":{"row":23,"column":158},"action":"insert","lines":["b"],"id":1080},{"start":{"row":23,"column":158},"end":{"row":23,"column":159},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":159},"end":{"row":23,"column":160},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1081},{"start":{"row":23,"column":160},"end":{"row":23,"column":161},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":161},"end":{"row":23,"column":162},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":162},"end":{"row":23,"column":163},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":163},"end":{"row":23,"column":164},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":164},"end":{"row":23,"column":165},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1082},{"start":{"row":23,"column":165},"end":{"row":23,"column":166},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":166},"end":{"row":23,"column":167},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":167},"end":{"row":23,"column":168},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":168},"end":{"row":23,"column":169},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":169},"end":{"row":23,"column":170},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":170},"end":{"row":23,"column":171},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1083},{"start":{"row":23,"column":171},"end":{"row":23,"column":172},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":172},"end":{"row":23,"column":173},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":173},"end":{"row":23,"column":174},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1084}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":174},"end":{"row":23,"column":175},"action":"insert","lines":["w"],"id":1085},{"start":{"row":23,"column":175},"end":{"row":23,"column":176},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":176},"end":{"row":23,"column":177},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":177},"end":{"row":23,"column":178},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":178},"end":{"row":23,"column":179},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1086},{"start":{"row":23,"column":179},"end":{"row":23,"column":180},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":180},"end":{"row":23,"column":181},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":181},"end":{"row":23,"column":182},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1087},{"start":{"row":23,"column":182},"end":{"row":23,"column":183},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":183},"end":{"row":23,"column":184},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":184},"end":{"row":23,"column":185},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":185},"end":{"row":23,"column":186},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":186},"end":{"row":23,"column":187},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":182},"end":{"row":23,"column":187},"action":"remove","lines":["avail"],"id":1088},{"start":{"row":23,"column":182},"end":{"row":23,"column":191},"action":"insert","lines":["available"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":191},"end":{"row":23,"column":192},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1089},{"start":{"row":23,"column":192},"end":{"row":23,"column":193},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":193},"end":{"row":23,"column":194},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":194},"end":{"row":23,"column":195},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":195},"end":{"row":23,"column":196},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1090}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":196},"end":{"row":23,"column":197},"action":"insert","lines":["m"],"id":1091}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":196},"end":{"row":23,"column":197},"action":"remove","lines":["m"],"id":1092}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":196},"end":{"row":23,"column":197},"action":"insert","lines":["b"],"id":1093},{"start":{"row":23,"column":197},"end":{"row":23,"column":198},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":198},"end":{"row":23,"column":199},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1094},{"start":{"row":23,"column":199},"end":{"row":23,"column":200},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":200},"end":{"row":23,"column":201},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":201},"end":{"row":23,"column":202},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":202},"end":{"row":23,"column":203},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":203},"end":{"row":23,"column":204},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1095},{"start":{"row":23,"column":204},"end":{"row":23,"column":205},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":205},"end":{"row":23,"column":206},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":206},"end":{"row":23,"column":207},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1096},{"start":{"row":23,"column":207},"end":{"row":23,"column":208},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":208},"end":{"row":23,"column":209},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":209},"end":{"row":23,"column":210},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":210},"end":{"row":23,"column":211},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":211},"end":{"row":23,"column":212},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1097},{"start":{"row":23,"column":212},"end":{"row":23,"column":213},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":213},"end":{"row":23,"column":214},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":214},"end":{"row":23,"column":215},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1098},{"start":{"row":23,"column":215},"end":{"row":23,"column":216},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":216},"end":{"row":23,"column":217},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1099},{"start":{"row":23,"column":217},"end":{"row":23,"column":218},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":218},"end":{"row":23,"column":219},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":219},"end":{"row":23,"column":220},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":220},"end":{"row":23,"column":221},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":221},"end":{"row":23,"column":222},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":222},"end":{"row":23,"column":223},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":223},"end":{"row":23,"column":224},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":224},"end":{"row":23,"column":225},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":1100}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":225},"end":{"row":23,"column":226},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1101},{"start":{"row":23,"column":226},"end":{"row":23,"column":227},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":227},"end":{"row":23,"column":228},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":228},"end":{"row":23,"column":229},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":229},"end":{"row":23,"column":230},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":230},"end":{"row":23,"column":231},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1102},{"start":{"row":23,"column":231},"end":{"row":23,"column":232},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":232},"end":{"row":23,"column":233},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":233},"end":{"row":23,"column":234},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":234},"end":{"row":23,"column":235},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1103},{"start":{"row":23,"column":235},"end":{"row":23,"column":236},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":236},"end":{"row":23,"column":237},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":237},"end":{"row":23,"column":238},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":238},"end":{"row":23,"column":239},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":239},"end":{"row":23,"column":240},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":240},"end":{"row":24,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":1104}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":0},"end":{"row":25,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":1105}],[{"start":{"row":42,"column":11},"end":{"row":42,"column":12},"action":"remove","lines":["f"],"id":1106},{"start":{"row":42,"column":10},"end":{"row":42,"column":11},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":42,"column":10},"end":{"row":42,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["p"],"id":1107},{"start":{"row":42,"column":11},"end":{"row":42,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":42,"column":12},"end":{"row":42,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":42,"column":13},"end":{"row":42,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":42,"column":14},"end":{"row":42,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":42,"column":15},"end":{"row":42,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":42,"column":16},"end":{"row":42,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]},{"start":{"row":42,"column":17},"end":{"row":42,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":42,"column":18},"end":{"row":42,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":42,"column":19},"end":{"row":42,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]}],[{"start":{"row":42,"column":20},"end":{"row":42,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1108}],[{"start":{"row":42,"column":20},"end":{"row":42,"column":21},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1109}],[{"start":{"row":42,"column":74},"end":{"row":42,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1110},{"start":{"row":42,"column":75},"end":{"row":42,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":42,"column":76},"end":{"row":42,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":42,"column":77},"end":{"row":42,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":42,"column":78},"end":{"row":42,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":42,"column":79},"end":{"row":42,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]}],[{"start":{"row":1,"column":0},"end":{"row":8,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["","","Project One: User-Centric Frontend Development - Code Institute","","My idea here was to create a website where people who were interested in Chinese tea could be easily informed about the availability of both teas as well as tea-ware. I wanted it to be a simple \"shop front\" with clear concise information with an easy way to progress to a purchase  ","## UX","",""],"id":1111,"ignore":true},{"start":{"row":1,"column":0},"end":{"row":3,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["--","","Overview:"]},{"start":{"row":5,"column":17},"end":{"row":5,"column":24},"action":"remove","lines":["website"]},{"start":{"row":5,"column":17},"end":{"row":5,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["app"]},{"start":{"row":7,"column":38},"end":{"row":7,"column":41},"action":"remove","lines":["/or"]},{"start":{"row":12,"column":10},"end":{"row":12,"column":11},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":12,"column":28},"end":{"row":70,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["where people who are interested in Chinese teas and tea-ware","can see what is available and buy from the online vendor. My goal in the design was to make it as easy as possible to access information on the site while maintaining a minimalist desig","I also wanted to keep the layout as traditional as possible to as to allow the user to feel at easy while navigating the site.","","### User Stories:","","As a traditional tea drinker I want to be made aware of teas from an origin which is different from the one I usually source my tea/tea-ware from. I want to be made aware of what is available and be able to move to a purchase with one click","","","","","For wireframes used please see chinateacompany.pdf or chinateacompany.png","","## Technologies","","1. HTML","2. CSS","3. Bootstrap (3.3.7)","","","### What are the features?","","1. A mobile first approach","2. Drop down menu ","3. A main introductory landing page with navigation functions and basic company information.","4. Images portraying the offerings of the company with a short description bolow of what they are. ","5. Buttons for choosing each item","6. A jumbotron signing up for a newsletter","7. Instagram button with images from the instagram account of the company","8. The address for the company with a background image of the area","9. Facebook, youtube and twitter links in the footer.","","","","","","","","","","","### media links:","","Images:","","camden-market-2377052.jpg: https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2017/06/06/11/56/camden-market-2377052_960_720.jpg","footer.jpg : https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2017/05/15/18/01/background-2315615_960_720.jpg","tea-ware.jpg: https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2017/08/17/15/30/chinese-tea-2651717_960_720.jpg","gift-box.jpg: https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2018/02/21/11/00/tea-box-3170045_960_720.jpg","cup-tea.jpg: https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2017/05/15/06/28/tea-2313835_960_720.jpg","cup-leafs.jpg: https://i0.wp.com/danjoteas.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/Yellow-Tea.jpg?zoom=2.625&resize=300%2C300&ssl=1","loose-tea: https://www.maelsoucaze.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/518865acf2326977bebb917f5cbadfc3.jpg","main-background.jpg: https://www.tryfoto.com/public/uploads/preview/green-tea-311533371002kdfwh8ammc.jpg","samples.jpg: https://postroniepiekna.pl/uploads/images/Gallery/opazenia_herbata.jpg","tea-bags: https://www.sustainability-times.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/tee_tea_bags_teas_drink_herbal_tea_fruit_tea_tea_box_box-815312-300x199.jpg","","__Note:__  All images were used for educational purposes only.","",""]},{"start":{"row":12,"column":28},"end":{"row":15,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["that that provides information about the products and services China Tea Company.","","","### "]}],[{"start":{"row":1,"column":0},"end":{"row":3,"column":9},"action":"remove","lines":["--","","Overview:"],"id":1112,"ignore":true},{"start":{"row":1,"column":0},"end":{"row":8,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["","","Project One: User-Centric Frontend Development - Code Institute","","My idea here was to create a website where people who were interested in Chinese tea could be easily informed about the availability of both teas as well as tea-ware. I wanted it to be a simple \"shop front\" with clear concise information with an easy way to progress to a purchase  ","## UX","",""]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":17},"end":{"row":10,"column":20},"action":"remove","lines":["app"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":17},"end":{"row":10,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["website"]},{"start":{"row":12,"column":38},"end":{"row":12,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["/or"]},{"start":{"row":17,"column":10},"end":{"row":17,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":17,"column":29},"end":{"row":20,"column":4},"action":"remove","lines":["that that provides information about the products and services China Tea Company.","","","### "]},{"start":{"row":17,"column":29},"end":{"row":75,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["where people who are interested in Chinese teas and tea-ware","can see what is available and buy from the online vendor. My goal in the design was to make it as easy as possible to access information on the site while maintaining a minimalist desig","I also wanted to keep the layout as traditional as possible to as to allow the user to feel at easy while navigating the site.","","### User Stories:","","As a traditional tea drinker I want to be made aware of teas from an origin which is different from the one I usually source my tea/tea-ware from. I want to be made aware of what is available and be able to move to a purchase with one click","","","","","For wireframes used please see chinateacompany.pdf or chinateacompany.png","","## Technologies","","1. HTML","2. CSS","3. Bootstrap (3.3.7)","","","### What are the features?","","1. A mobile first approach","2. Drop down menu ","3. A main introductory landing page with navigation functions and basic company information.","4. Images portraying the offerings of the company with a short description bolow of what they are. ","5. Buttons for choosing each item","6. A jumbotron signing up for a newsletter","7. Instagram button with images from the instagram account of the company","8. The address for the company with a background image of the area","9. Facebook, youtube and twitter links in the footer.","","","","","","","","","","","### media links:","","Images:","","camden-market-2377052.jpg: https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2017/06/06/11/56/camden-market-2377052_960_720.jpg","footer.jpg : https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2017/05/15/18/01/background-2315615_960_720.jpg","tea-ware.jpg: https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2017/08/17/15/30/chinese-tea-2651717_960_720.jpg","gift-box.jpg: https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2018/02/21/11/00/tea-box-3170045_960_720.jpg","cup-tea.jpg: https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2017/05/15/06/28/tea-2313835_960_720.jpg","cup-leafs.jpg: https://i0.wp.com/danjoteas.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/Yellow-Tea.jpg?zoom=2.625&resize=300%2C300&ssl=1","loose-tea: https://www.maelsoucaze.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/518865acf2326977bebb917f5cbadfc3.jpg","main-background.jpg: https://www.tryfoto.com/public/uploads/preview/green-tea-311533371002kdfwh8ammc.jpg","samples.jpg: https://postroniepiekna.pl/uploads/images/Gallery/opazenia_herbata.jpg","tea-bags: https://www.sustainability-times.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/tee_tea_bags_teas_drink_herbal_tea_fruit_tea_tea_box_box-815312-300x199.jpg","","__Note:__  All images were used for educational purposes only.","",""]}],[{"start":{"row":62,"column":107},"end":{"row":63,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":1113}],[{"start":{"row":64,"column":90},"end":{"row":65,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":1114}],[{"start":{"row":66,"column":92},"end":{"row":67,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":1115}],[{"start":{"row":68,"column":88},"end":{"row":69,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":1116}],[{"start":{"row":70,"column":83},"end":{"row":71,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":1117}],[{"start":{"row":72,"column":109},"end":{"row":72,"column":110},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1118}],[{"start":{"row":72,"column":109},"end":{"row":72,"column":110},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1119}],[{"start":{"row":72,"column":122},"end":{"row":72,"column":123},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1120},{"start":{"row":72,"column":123},"end":{"row":72,"column":124},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}],[{"start":{"row":73,"column":102},"end":{"row":74,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":1121}],[{"start":{"row":75,"column":104},"end":{"row":76,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":1122}],[{"start":{"row":72,"column":124},"end":{"row":73,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":1123}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":26},"end":{"row":39,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1124},{"start":{"row":39,"column":27},"end":{"row":39,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":28},"end":{"row":39,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":29},"end":{"row":39,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":30},"end":{"row":39,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":30},"end":{"row":39,"column":31},"action":"remove","lines":["s"],"id":1125}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":30},"end":{"row":39,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["c"],"id":1126},{"start":{"row":39,"column":31},"end":{"row":39,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":32},"end":{"row":39,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1127},{"start":{"row":39,"column":33},"end":{"row":39,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":34},"end":{"row":39,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":35},"end":{"row":39,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":36},"end":{"row":39,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":37},"end":{"row":39,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":38},"end":{"row":39,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1128}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":38},"end":{"row":39,"column":39},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1129}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":38},"end":{"row":39,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":1130}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":39},"end":{"row":39,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1131},{"start":{"row":39,"column":40},"end":{"row":39,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":41},"end":{"row":39,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":42},"end":{"row":39,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":43},"end":{"row":39,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1132}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":44},"end":{"row":39,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":1133}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":45},"end":{"row":39,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1134},{"start":{"row":39,"column":46},"end":{"row":39,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":47},"end":{"row":39,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":48},"end":{"row":39,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":49},"end":{"row":39,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":50},"end":{"row":39,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":51},"end":{"row":39,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["r"],"id":1135}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":52},"end":{"row":39,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1136}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":52},"end":{"row":39,"column":53},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1137},{"start":{"row":39,"column":51},"end":{"row":39,"column":52},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":50},"end":{"row":39,"column":51},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":49},"end":{"row":39,"column":50},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":48},"end":{"row":39,"column":49},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":47},"end":{"row":39,"column":48},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":46},"end":{"row":39,"column":47},"action":"remove","lines":["b"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":46},"end":{"row":39,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["b"],"id":1138},{"start":{"row":39,"column":47},"end":{"row":39,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":48},"end":{"row":39,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":49},"end":{"row":39,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":50},"end":{"row":39,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":51},"end":{"row":39,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":52},"end":{"row":39,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1139}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":52},"end":{"row":39,"column":53},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1140},{"start":{"row":39,"column":51},"end":{"row":39,"column":52},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":50},"end":{"row":39,"column":51},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":49},"end":{"row":39,"column":50},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":48},"end":{"row":39,"column":49},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":47},"end":{"row":39,"column":48},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":46},"end":{"row":39,"column":47},"action":"remove","lines":["b"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":46},"end":{"row":39,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["f"],"id":1141},{"start":{"row":39,"column":47},"end":{"row":39,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":48},"end":{"row":39,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":49},"end":{"row":39,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":50},"end":{"row":39,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":51},"end":{"row":39,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":52},"end":{"row":39,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1142},{"start":{"row":39,"column":53},"end":{"row":39,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":54},"end":{"row":39,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":55},"end":{"row":39,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":56},"end":{"row":39,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":57},"end":{"row":39,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":58},"end":{"row":39,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":59},"end":{"row":39,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":60},"end":{"row":39,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1143},{"start":{"row":39,"column":61},"end":{"row":39,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":62},"end":{"row":39,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":63},"end":{"row":39,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":64},"end":{"row":39,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":65},"end":{"row":39,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1144}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":65},"end":{"row":39,"column":66},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1145},{"start":{"row":39,"column":64},"end":{"row":39,"column":65},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":63},"end":{"row":39,"column":64},"action":"remove","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":62},"end":{"row":39,"column":63},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":61},"end":{"row":39,"column":62},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":61},"end":{"row":39,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":1146},{"start":{"row":39,"column":62},"end":{"row":39,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":63},"end":{"row":39,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":64},"end":{"row":39,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":65},"end":{"row":39,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1147},{"start":{"row":39,"column":66},"end":{"row":39,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":67},"end":{"row":39,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":68},"end":{"row":39,"column":69},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1148},{"start":{"row":39,"column":69},"end":{"row":39,"column":70},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":70},"end":{"row":39,"column":71},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1149},{"start":{"row":39,"column":71},"end":{"row":39,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":72},"end":{"row":39,"column":73},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":73},"end":{"row":39,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":74},"end":{"row":39,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":74},"end":{"row":39,"column":75},"action":"remove","lines":["l"],"id":1150}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":74},"end":{"row":39,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":1151},{"start":{"row":39,"column":75},"end":{"row":39,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":76},"end":{"row":39,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":77},"end":{"row":39,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1152},{"start":{"row":39,"column":78},"end":{"row":39,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":79},"end":{"row":39,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":80},"end":{"row":39,"column":81},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1153},{"start":{"row":39,"column":81},"end":{"row":39,"column":82},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":82},"end":{"row":39,"column":83},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":83},"end":{"row":39,"column":84},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":84},"end":{"row":39,"column":85},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":85},"end":{"row":39,"column":86},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1154}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":85},"end":{"row":39,"column":86},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1155},{"start":{"row":39,"column":84},"end":{"row":39,"column":85},"action":"remove","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":83},"end":{"row":39,"column":84},"action":"remove","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":82},"end":{"row":39,"column":83},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":81},"end":{"row":39,"column":82},"action":"remove","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":80},"end":{"row":39,"column":81},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":79},"end":{"row":39,"column":80},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":78},"end":{"row":39,"column":79},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":77},"end":{"row":39,"column":78},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":77},"end":{"row":39,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1156},{"start":{"row":39,"column":78},"end":{"row":39,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":79},"end":{"row":39,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":79},"end":{"row":39,"column":80},"action":"remove","lines":["i"],"id":1157}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":79},"end":{"row":39,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":1158},{"start":{"row":39,"column":80},"end":{"row":39,"column":81},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":81},"end":{"row":39,"column":82},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":82},"end":{"row":39,"column":83},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":83},"end":{"row":39,"column":84},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":84},"end":{"row":39,"column":85},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1159},{"start":{"row":39,"column":85},"end":{"row":39,"column":86},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":86},"end":{"row":39,"column":87},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":87},"end":{"row":39,"column":88},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":88},"end":{"row":39,"column":89},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1160},{"start":{"row":39,"column":89},"end":{"row":39,"column":90},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":90},"end":{"row":39,"column":91},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1161},{"start":{"row":39,"column":91},"end":{"row":39,"column":92},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":92},"end":{"row":39,"column":93},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":92},"end":{"row":39,"column":93},"action":"remove","lines":["i"],"id":1162}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":92},"end":{"row":39,"column":93},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":1163},{"start":{"row":39,"column":93},"end":{"row":39,"column":94},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":94},"end":{"row":39,"column":95},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":95},"end":{"row":39,"column":96},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":96},"end":{"row":39,"column":97},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":97},"end":{"row":39,"column":98},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1164}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":98},"end":{"row":39,"column":99},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":1165},{"start":{"row":39,"column":99},"end":{"row":39,"column":100},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":100},"end":{"row":39,"column":101},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":100},"end":{"row":39,"column":101},"action":"remove","lines":["e"],"id":1166}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":100},"end":{"row":39,"column":101},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":1167},{"start":{"row":39,"column":101},"end":{"row":39,"column":102},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":102},"end":{"row":39,"column":103},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1168},{"start":{"row":39,"column":103},"end":{"row":39,"column":104},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":104},"end":{"row":39,"column":105},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":105},"end":{"row":39,"column":106},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1169},{"start":{"row":39,"column":106},"end":{"row":39,"column":107},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":107},"end":{"row":39,"column":108},"action":"insert","lines":["x"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":108},"end":{"row":39,"column":109},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":109},"end":{"row":39,"column":110},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":110},"end":{"row":39,"column":111},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":111},"end":{"row":39,"column":112},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":112},"end":{"row":39,"column":113},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":1170},{"start":{"row":39,"column":113},"end":{"row":39,"column":114},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":114},"end":{"row":39,"column":115},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":115},"end":{"row":39,"column":116},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":116},"end":{"row":39,"column":117},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1171}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":117},"end":{"row":39,"column":118},"action":"insert","lines":["w"],"id":1172},{"start":{"row":39,"column":118},"end":{"row":39,"column":119},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":119},"end":{"row":39,"column":120},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":120},"end":{"row":39,"column":121},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":121},"end":{"row":39,"column":122},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1173},{"start":{"row":39,"column":122},"end":{"row":39,"column":123},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":123},"end":{"row":39,"column":124},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":124},"end":{"row":39,"column":125},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":125},"end":{"row":39,"column":126},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":126},"end":{"row":39,"column":127},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":127},"end":{"row":39,"column":128},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":128},"end":{"row":39,"column":129},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":1174},{"start":{"row":39,"column":129},"end":{"row":39,"column":130},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":130},"end":{"row":39,"column":131},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":131},"end":{"row":39,"column":132},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1175}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":131},"end":{"row":39,"column":132},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1176},{"start":{"row":39,"column":130},"end":{"row":39,"column":131},"action":"remove","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":129},"end":{"row":39,"column":130},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":128},"end":{"row":39,"column":129},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":127},"end":{"row":39,"column":128},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":126},"end":{"row":39,"column":127},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":125},"end":{"row":39,"column":126},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":124},"end":{"row":39,"column":125},"action":"remove","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":123},"end":{"row":39,"column":124},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":122},"end":{"row":39,"column":123},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":121},"end":{"row":39,"column":122},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":120},"end":{"row":39,"column":121},"action":"remove","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":119},"end":{"row":39,"column":120},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":118},"end":{"row":39,"column":119},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":117},"end":{"row":39,"column":118},"action":"remove","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":116},"end":{"row":39,"column":117},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":39,"column":115},"end":{"row":39,"column":116},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":115},"end":{"row":39,"column":116},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":1177},{"start":{"row":39,"column":116},"end":{"row":39,"column":117},"action":"insert","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":19,"column":126},"end":{"row":19,"column":127},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1178}],[{"start":{"row":19,"column":127},"end":{"row":19,"column":241},"action":"insert","lines":["A mobile first approach which allows for a faster loading time on a mobile device and a design that is expandable."],"id":1179}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":120,"scrollleft":683.55859375,"selection":{"start":{"row":19,"column":129},"end":{"row":19,"column":129},"isBackwards":true},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":7,"state":"allowBlock","mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1567420644935}